Implement secrets setup (#1185)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-toolkit: README.md

Production deployment of applications built with the ArcGIS Maps SDK for Swift requires that you license your app. For more information, see [License and deployment](https://developers.arcgis.com/swift/license-and-deployment).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> To run the example apps and access ArcGIS Location Services, follow these steps to obtain an **API key** access token and store it in a secrets file stored in the project file's directory, `$(SRCROOT)/.secrets`.

1. Go to the [Create an API key](https://developers.arcgis.com/documentation/security-and-authentication/api-key-authentication/tutorials/create-an-api-key/) tutorial to obtain the API key access token. Ensure that the following privileges are enabled:

* Location services > Basemaps
* Location services > Routing

> 2. Create a hidden secrets file in the project file's directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a hidden secrets file in the toolkit's root directory.
```

Per current config it would be the root directory of this repo.
